-------e) then, please write these items bold:

last line before footer: Ihr Spiritwings-Team --->> DONE now the 2nd last line is bold: „wir wünschen ihnen..“. please leave this on normal, but make „ihr spiritwings-team“ bold / not yet in the booking-confirmation email. -->> DONE

-------n) i cant cancel one of the events in caledar-reservation – when i move the mouse onto the popup, it disappears. --> DONE

q) block times are not so different from normal bookings.
add 2 new blocks: a permanent one (which means this block will be repeated in every week.
and a one-shot one: this is for a free afternoon with the kids or so: one time.
they have titles like „Permanente Sperrzeit“ (permanent) and „Einmalige Sperrzeit“.
they have handles to change their sizes, onlike the session-ones.
they are always grey for the booker.
they are grey with title „Permanent“ or „Einmalig“ for the provider.
provide as standard permanent blocks, that are already in place for one hour lunch, every day, and for the night: 18oo until 08oo.
provide as standard permanent blocks sat and Sunday, completely. 

s) blocks upon moving: immediate showing in the calendar: yes
   blocks upon creating: takes 7s until they are visible, thats confusing: can you change? -->> letter r is the same with this. will remove the letter r on the list.
   blocks size when moving, and also on the right side: make size proportional as in calendar.

-------t) popup-location: when we have seesions on the right side of the screen (week) it works to have the popups left of them. (showing left of the box).
when the sessions is to the left (begin of the week in week view or in the days view, please find better position of the popup.
also, when a popup is open, and i switch the view, it remains. --->> DONE

-------u) when i login as "lh, lh", and open "my-caldnedar reservation" - i see the view, that mrdavid should have, she has no bookings as  aprovider. --->> DONE

v) ken, pls have a look at Event "Feldenkrais" ID"5350". the leader should be "Doris Bleike", bur this seems not to be possible, can you pls check? --